Cut!
Was that amazing. ladies?
Oh. Joyce. you're a natural.
Oh. the shots you gave us
are going to be great for the podcast.
Actually. the series we are doing on you.
that's going to be dynamic.
Now all that's left
-is for Mr. Gomora to arrive.
-Mmm.
-Did I just hear my name?
My love.
Love.
-Yes.
-Thank you.
Two decades later and you still have
this effect on each other?
-Mm-hmm.
-What's your secret?
-Love.
-Unconditional love.
Through the good and the bad.
Angels & Demons.
-Mm-hmm.
-Goodness. elaborate.
You see.
true love conquers all adversity.
Mmm.
What's wrong?
-Sorry.
-Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm okay.
I'm okay.
I think I might have caught a stomach bug.
My goodness. What is it?
-Mm-mmm. Sorry.
-Joyce?
Can you please undo my zip?
Please unzip me.
You'll tell me
when you want me to turn around?
Turn around.
-When?
-Right now.
Menzi!
-Now?
-Right now.
Menzi!
Yes?
I'm here to get your dirty laundry.
Oh. uh…
It's over there.
Oh. okay.
Oh. shit.
Oh? Hmm?
What's wrong?
Are you still thinking about
your Washington trip?
Mmm.
I know it's been stressing you out.
Yeah. I really want to get this deal.
-Mmm.
-Do it for the company.
-Yes.
-It'll change everything.
-Yes. but what are they saying?
-They don't want to pay me.
Wait. where's the meat. Oh.
-He's bringing the meat.
-Boy. thank you.
-Let me pour some juice for everyone.
-Ah. thank you. boy.
-Joyce. would you like some?
-Oh.
-I'm still waiting on this money. hey.
-That's a lot of money.
And then? What's going on?
Oh. nothing. I was bored at home
and I thought I should come over.
You know Freedom. he had to tag along.
-Greetings.
-Hi. You two look good.
-How are you?
-Ah. yeah. we're good.
-We're very well. thank you.
-Yeah. Yes.
Oh. it's not a problem. You can join us.
There's plenty of food.
Enjoy yourselves.
Let's dish up and be happy.
Menzi. your sister tells me
that you're busy chasing girls
when you should be busy
applying for university.
Oh. stop it. Mom.
My boy-boy is taking
a gap year. Right. my boy?
More like gap years.
Oh. stop it.
I hear the matric results
are coming out soon.
Uh. speaking about results.
Well. me. I've drafted my gift list
for all my six distinctions.
-You go. girl!
-Oh? That's my girl.
Look at you.
You'll be working alongside Dad very soon.
It must be very nice being you. Mpume.
Some of us would've loved
to work with our fathers at J&J.
but not everyone is that lucky.
Oh? What would make you say that. dear?
Huh? I'm sure your father would love
for you to work with us at the company.
He hasn't said anything to me.
Anyway. what about your exams?
Do you think you passed though?
-Yes. I think I'm passed. Ma.
-Definitely.
Wow.
But I'm not anything like Mpume.
I just want the coming-of-age ceremony.
-A ceremony?
-Yes.
To acknowledge that I'm grown.
I am a woman now.
We'll discuss that at home.
with your mother.
Understood?
Hey. Dad. tell me.
Do you have some alcohol?
Be quiet.
And eat. Freedom.
I look good.
What's with the new suit now.
all of a sudden?
Boy. see what's happening. my son.
-Yes.
-We are working now. Freedom G.
So. now that I am working.
I have figured it's time
to upgrade my wardrobe.
-Okay.
-How did I buy it?
With my money. my first check.
Out of all the things you could've bought.
you bought a suit?
You see. girls love a man
that works in corporate.
What corporate?
You're a construction worker.
And now why would I tell them
that I work in a construction site?
-Why? Are you jealous. Menzi?
-No. I'm not jealous.
Listen. my boy.
You see. ladies love
nothing more than a working man.
You see. if Lindani can find out
that you are working.
oh. my boy. she will be all over you.
You know why?
Because she'll know that her man
will be able to provide for her
and put bread and butter on the table.
-Mmm.
-All right. come on. man.
I can't teach you everything.
You grown up.
I'm going to flex
around the township. fuck.
Let's go. let's go.
Thank you so much.
Thank you. Pass my greetings
to your mother. okay?
-Auntie… yeah.
-Uh. Sure.
-Thank you.
-Bye.
I'll make you catch a taxi
if you take too long.
-My goodness.
-I know.
-He thinks we're the same age.
-Mmm.
Wait. Wait. love.
-Mm-hmm.
-Hold on. I want us to gossip.
This thing with Magesh.
Acting so strange the time when Sarah was
talking about the coming-of-age ceremony.
Didn't you find it weird?
He was acting so strange.
Well. that's his daughter.
So as her father.
he makes the decisions he sees fit.
-Yes. but that's the thing. love.
-Mm-hmm. Mmm?
Magesh is Sarah's father. but sometimes
I swear he acts like he isn't.
Listen. my love.
-Hmm?
-Please.
Let's not get involved
-in my brother's business.
-Okay.
-Yes.
-Okay. it's all right.
Moms. Have you seen my phone?
We have our own problems.
Uh. hold on. my boy.
Tell me. aren't you a little embarrassed?
-Toughen up! Stand up!
-Stop it!
Your sister is done with school
and heading to university.
You're just lounging around the house.
busy doing nothing.
-Come on. Jo.
-Huh?
Listen here.
You're going to start working at J&J
and earn your keep.
Boy. what are you wearing?
Weren't you told you're cleaning toilets?
Oh. No.
Uh. let me… Let me go change.
Hey. come back. you idiot.
I'm just joking.
Come back. I'm joking. man.
My goodness.
So this is where we work.
I'll just need one thing from you.
to take minutes for me.
Yes.
I have a meeting
with the engineers at 10:00.
-Yes.
-You can do that. right?
Yes. yes. yes. I can do that.
One of the worst mistakes
I've ever done in my life
was hiring this idiot.
-What are you doing?
-Ah. come on. You just spilled my weed.
-What?
-Freedom.
You've only been working here
for two months.
Already. you're smoking weed on the job.
dragging your feet.
What the hell are you wearing?
Why aren't you working with the others?
I've received complaints about you.
-Wow. Wow. I knew it.
-I've been getting reports about you.
I just knew that your stupid foreman
was feeding you lies about me.
Let me tell you.
I have had enough of this guy.
He's always on my…
-I want you to listen to me.
-You're hurting me.
If you continue with this nonsense.
I'll show you shit.
-This is abuse.
-That's bullshit.
Piss off.
I'll teach you a lesson.
Don't disrespect me.
Do you know what the labour law says
about being mistreated at work?
Listen here.
I'm the boss. and I make the rules here.
Idiot!
-Why are you hitting me?
-Piss off.
Why? Why are you hitting me?
Go cry about it to your mother.
And you? What's with the…
What's with the suit and all?
My dad is forcing me
to work here at J&J too.
-Huh?
-Mmm.
Ah. no ways! That's great news.
-Go. Menzi! Oh. Me-Me!
-That's right.
Let me go and grab my working clothes
and get started. boy.
Sarah. what nonsense
were you saying at Joyce's house?
I'm guessing Dad told you
about my ceremony.
Since when did you
start caring about these things?
You also did it. Mom.
But you can have one when you turn 21.
Let's take our time. What's the rush?
Mom. I'm becoming a woman.
Dad has to do this for me.
I don't want to wait.
Sarah.
Your father loves you.
Since when? That man hardly speaks to me.
You know it's true.
This ceremony will strengthen
my relationship with him to grow.
I won't change my mind.
-Friend. isn't he a bit too young for you?
-Mm-hmm?
Oh. please. For who? I'm young enough.
No way. Thembi.
Anyway. let's go. Where's your bag?
We're having lunch at Marble.
and we're going to order
a bottle of Dom Pérignon
because there's lots to celebrate.
Yeah.
About the champagne… …I'll pass.
Joyce… …this campaign is a big deal.
I can't drink alcohol.
At least. for another few months.
You're pregnant?
Please don't.
Go get tested.
I'm scared to.
Do you remember that Jo
started having an affair with that whore
right after I just gave birth
to Nkazimulo?
I can't lose my marriage again.
And. on top of that. this campaign.
Uh-uh. No. I can't do this.
I can't do this. I can't. No way.
I can't. I c…
What can't you do?
Oh.
Jo.
When did you get here?
Wait…
Is-is that what I think it is?
Huh?
-Hey. baby?
-Yeah.
Is there a bun in the oven?
Hmm?
-Is Mlungisi Gomora in transit?
-Stop it.
-Stop. I don't know yet.
-Hmm?
Joyce. Joyce. wake up. Wake up!
-Joyce! Joyce. wake up.
-Hmm?
-Wake up!
Wake up!
-Are you trying to kill this baby?
-Bring him to me.
Are you trying to kill him?
-Sorry. Sorry.
-You know. you have no shame!
Irresponsible. Joyce.
Irresponsible is what you are.
Give me a break. Where were you?
You were with that whore again.
Get your shit together. Understood?
Get your shit together.
Joyce.
My love.
What does it say? Are you pregnant?
Sorry.
No. Don't apologise.
Do you know what this means?
Mm-hmm.
We can try again.
We can try again right now.
Mmm.
-Jo. stop it.
-Hmm?
What's wrong. love?
What's wrong?
You know…
It's clear that you've forgotten.
What?
Matipa came into our lives
when I just gave birth to Nkazimulo.
Are we still here?
Yes.
Can we move on?
And forget about her.
Hmm?
Forget about her.
Forget. Hmm?
-Let's forget about her. Hmm?
-Let's… Okay.
Let's try again.
-Try again?
-Right now.
-I don't want to.
-Hmm?
-I don't want to. No.
-Mmm.
Ah. there's no such thing.
Ah. you know what. Menzi?
Your girl is really hot. hey?
Yes. hello. What can I get you?
Young man… Listen here. my boy.
You see… …you need to handle her.
Why don't you grab
-her bum like this?
-No. no. no.
You are being a pervert now.
Okay. you know what. boy?
Talk to her. Don't be scared. boy.
Go and tell her
that you just got a new job.
You know? You're your own man now.
You're a working man.
Huh?
Goodness. Madlanduna.
Why would you drink on top of my forms?
-Gosh. these people! Ooh!
-Oh. shit!
-Menzi.
-Sorry. sorry.
How are you?
I'm good.
Is. uh. everything okay?
No. my mother didn't sign
my varsity application forms.
I don't know why she thinks
I'm only fit for a call centre
or here in this tavern of hers.
Eish. I really don't understand
how parents think sometimes.
-I'm sorry.
-Oh?
And now. sir. what's with the suit?
Oh. yes. Uh. I started working at J&J.
I'm trying to be…
to be… To be a man.
-Mmm.
-To have my own things. and my own money.
I see.
It suits you so well. I'm not gonna lie.
Oh. Menzi.
What are you doing?
-Huh? Have you lost your mind?
-Oh. shit.
Uh. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. uh…
No. no. no. Piss off.
Fuck.
Shit.
All right. Jo. don't forget
to bring something nice for Nkazimulo.
Ah!
Ooh! This suitcase is already heavy.
-Oh. well.
-You're the one who packed it.
I had to. This is a trip to America.
We'll… Oh. hi.
-Hey. dear.
-My daughter.
You almost missed your father.
-Huh. Safe travels.
-Mm-hmm.
Thank you.
Do you want me to bring you anything?
-Hmm.
-Oh. goodness.
I'll text you if I think of anything.
Yeah. bye-bye.
Wow.
-Love you.
-Love you too. Dad.
Wow.
Who knew she'd come around?
I told you to be patient.
-and bit by bit. eventually…
-Mm-hmm.
…everything will be okay.
Oh. and another thing. Menzi.
-Uh-huh.
-Please make sure he gives 100% at J&J.
Okay.
let's go before you miss your flight.
-Yeah. let's go.
-Okay?
You know what? I love you.
I love you. I love you.
-I love you.
-Mpume.
-Granny?
-Are you pregnant?
-What?
-What's this?
-Gran?
-Come here.
-Uh-huh. stop it. Gran.
After we've raised you so well.
you're busy sleeping around with boys?
I'm not having sex.
Your life has barely started.
What's this nonsense. Mpume?
-I don't… I don't know what--
-Come here. Come here.
-I said come here.
-And then? What's going on here?
This is not mine. Grandma. I swear.
Do you want to be
a teenage mother like your mother was?
No. I'm still a virgin. Gran.
Oh. stop it. Mom. Wow.
She said that it's not hers.
Don't tell me you believe her. Joyce.
So. what's this?
Mom. a word. please?
It's mine.
-What?
-Yes.
I had a pregnancy scare.
What? At your age?
Oh. Mom. give me a break. please.
But listen. I'm going to make sure
that this never happens to me again.
Ever!
I've decided to get…
…sterilised and tie my tubes.
-Will Jonasi agree to that?
-He'll never allow it.
That's why I didn't tell him.
"Love is not proud.
It doesn't dishonour others.
It is not self-seeking."
Is Mlungisi Gomora in transit?
-Sister. How are you?
-Hello. how are you?
-I'm good.
-It's been a while.
-Yes. it has.
-Oh. my word.
So you still work here? Huh?
-How is everyone at home?
-They're good.
Ah. that's good.
-Joyce.
-Hmm?
Thank God you're done.
I didn't go through with it.
I couldn't do such a serious surgery
behind my husband's back.
Such a serious thing
without his knowledge.
He's here.
-Who's here?
-Jonasi. I just saw him right now.
-No way. You're lying!
-I'm telling you. Joyce.
Mom! How did he find out about this?
All right then.
I'm sure you're ready for your procedure?
Uh. Doctor. listen.
As you can see. I'm already dressed.
I've decided not to go through
with this procedure.
I understand.
it's a very big decision to make.
You'll have to sign some papers
for the theatre cancellation.
It's… It's fine. It's fine.
The Gomora women
have kept the ward quite busy today.
Everyone here has got their hands full.
The Gomora women?
As we speak. there's another Gomora lady
who just gave birth down the passage.
It is busy. It's very busy right now.
That's why I said the Gomora women
have made this ward very busy today.
There's another here as well.
The Gomora women
are keeping us busy today.
The Gomora women?
They have kept the ward quite busy today.
Joyce.
Joyce. wait. Joyce.
As we speak. there's another
Gomora lady down the passage.
Joyce. Joyce! Wait.
I'm luckiest man in the world.
Today. you've made me a man amongst men.
Joyce.
Hmm?